COINS N TOYS
Program: Janet Sun
Template: w3schools

COIN N TOYS is an interactive website in the purpose of mocking Youtubers/
influencers on the Internet today who spam contents targeting children to
generate revenue. The goal of the website is to "brain wash" children and
pre-teens enough that they will buy everything that's on their screen. To
use the website, the user must repeat after the words on the screen to
generate "coins". When the user has enough "coins", he/she can purchase
toys on the webpage. Such repetitive action should influence a child's
unconsciousness and their decisions when they see toys that they want online.

My inspiration came from James Bridle's essay, "Something is wrong on the
internet" and my experience as a Youtube addict. All though most children
related content are considered family-friendly, there is 0  regulation when it
comes to advertising to children until recently. There was no limit of how
much creators can advertise towards children in their videos.

I started the project by using a simple template on W3 schools and changed
certain things to suit my vision. I want the website to be visual heavy, and
have brighter colors that will catch children's attention. I first thought
about making a child friendly game as a “safe space” on the Internet, then I
realized that a mocking website would be more fun (for me). During the process,
I had some trouble with the layout of the website, because I wanted the images
and the idea of “buying” to be the main focus when a user opens the web page.

Overall, I have gained some useful knowledge about voice commands and JQuery.
If I can improve the game, I want to add an “inventory” system, where the user
can review the toys that they already bought and link them to other sites to
buy more things.
