STIRRING
By Janet Sun

STIRRING is a mini game inspired by the ideology of Sisyphus and life itself.
The game focuses on the concept of how all though life is short, the suffering can be endless and all our effort all comes down to nothing at the end of our life. Just like the action of pushing a rock to the top of the mountain and falling down to the bottom of the mountain all over again, the endless action of “stirring” in the game signifies how little understanding we have over the meaning of life itself and how we are always chasing after nothing.
The player plays the role of “god” in this mini-game. After the end of their life, the process of reincarnation requires the player to create another “self”. The player is also a chance of having one “perk potion” that could potentially help them in the next life, such as wealth, intelligence, health, etc. The player is required to use the mouse to drag and drop the potion, then stir the pot. However, no matter how many the player clicks on the button, there will only be endless clicking and nothing else.
I spent some time brainstorming for this project. First, I thought about making an anxiety-calming simulator. Players can touch the screen to follow the breathing tips on the screen when they get overwhelmed. I abandoned this idea after, because it does not fit the theme of Sisyphus and life very well. I also think that this game would work much better on mobiles instead of web pages. I then thought about making a “life-making” simulator. Players can choose certain “ingredients” to make a new “self ”. I really love this idea, because I think not only is the idea of dragging and dropping fun, but the action of “making”  also represents a deeper layer of reflection towards life itself. My first prototype was based on the “Eat Up” challenge that we did in class, because I think that the game mechanic really fits my vision of the project. While I was creating the pixel-style art for the game, I had the inspiration to make a small animation that follows the action of the player. I thought that the clicking factor, combining with the “stirring” animation would add more fun to the simple “drag and drop” function.
During my making process, I had trouble with positioning in css most of the time. Since I’m less familiar with website design than JavaScript, I did a lot of research on css references, such as flex box, border and hover effects. I also had difficulty with changing the animation’s frame when the button is clicked.
Overall, I have learned alot about CSS and JQuery in the process. And I am happy with the main ideas behind my project and its functionality.
