
A Poem Lovely As A Tree is a mini game that simulates the process of growing a tree. The player has just quit his/her job in the city to start the simple farm life. The tree is the first friend that the player encounters in his/her new farm. The player can drag/drop tools on the tree to perform watering, fertilizing and pruning. By doing so, the tree will generate new poems. The player can also click on the tree to make it speak the poem that it has just generated. The tree will grow as the player waters/ fertilizes it more. When the tree is fully grown and the player has reached the end of the time, the tree will disappear and will leave a small message for the player.

The intended experience for players is a calm, relaxing experience. The background music and the sound effects are meant to simulate sounds in a farm. The pixel art style is intended for the game to look minimalistic and comfortable for the player to interact with for a long time. The game mechanic includes clicking on objects, dragging/dropping the objects and giving voice commands. By spending time and taking care of the tree, the player will get randomly generated poems as a reward, as if the tree is speaking.

My inspiration came from one of my favorite games, Stardew Valley. This RPG uses farming as a background to provide the player a calming experience. Building your own farm from scratch and building friendship with the locals is a relaxing gaming experience, yet addicting. It also has amazingly detailed pixelated art. I have always preferred indie games, especially the ones that involve nature, than action games. First person shooting is fun from time to time, but it becomes stressful. My dream is to make something like Stardew Valley, a world where players are surrounded with farm animals, plants and peace. I think that nature, whether plants or animals, has the power to keep us grounded and relieve the stress of our busy lives.

The biggest challenge I face in this project is how to organize my code. Since there are many elements in my game, I have to organize my code so that it is not repetitive and it is efficient. I started the project by making the basic draggable/ droppable objects, such as the watering can and the fertilizer. Once I am sure that the object collision is working properly, I added the animation and other functions that are based on the object interaction. I then added the menu screen and the end screen. I had to look up my past project to organize all the elements on the different screens. Overall, I am happy with the game’s functionality and overall aesthetic. If I had more time or if I continue to work on the game in the future, I definitely will spend more time on the pixelated art and maybe add more interactions to the game(player can choose which type of tree they want to grow; changes in seasons).
